Please answer the below Data Structure Questions:

why do we need data structure?
    Ans : Data structures are essential for the efficient managing, storing, organizing and using large
(and potentially increasing) amounts of information. This is easy to establish even with a simple data structure
such as the array; if you have to keep track of non-trivial amounts of records, for example, then every modification
which requires a change in the values of each member of the record will necessitate costly
(in terms of time, especially) changes.

What are the various operations that can be performed on different Data Structures?
    Insertion − Add a new data item in the data structure .
    Deletion − Delete an existing data item from the data structure.
    Traversal − Access each data item exactly once so that it can be processed.
    Searching − Find out the location of the data item if it exists in the data structure
    Sorting − Arranging the data items in some order.
    Update -  Combining the data items of two sorted files into single file in the sorted form.
    Merging - Updating the current value in the data structure with some new value.


List out the areas in which data structures are applied extensively?
    They are used most in
        *Compiler Design,
        *Operating System,
        *Database Management System,
        *Statistical analysis package,
        *Numerical Analysis,
        *Graphics,
        *Artificial Intelligence,
        *Simulation.

what is an Array?
    In computer science, an array data structure, or simply an array, is a data structure consisting of a collection
    of elements, each identified by at least one array index or key. An array is stored such that the position of
    each element can be computed from its index tuple by a mathematical formula.

what is the difference between the Array and ArrayList?
    Array is a fixed length data structure whereas ArrayList is a variable length Collection class. We cannot change
    length of array once created in Java but ArrayList can be changed.
    We cannot store primitives in ArrayList, it can only store objects. But array can contain both primitives
    and objects in Java. Since Java 5, primitives are automatically converted in objects which is known as auto-boxing.

what is LinkedList?
    A linked list is a linear data structure, in which the elements are not stored at contiguous memory locations.
    The elements in a linked list are linked using pointers.


How is an Array different from Linked List?
    An array is a collection of elements of a similar data type.
    Linked List is an ordered collection of elements of the same type in which each element is connected to the
    next using pointers.
    Array elements can be accessed randomly using the array index.Random accessing is not possible in linked lists.
    The elements will have to be accessed sequentially.
    Data elements are stored in contiguous locations in memory.	New elements can be stored anywhere and a reference
    is created for the new element using pointers.
    Size of the array must be specified at the time of array declaration/initialization.
    Size of a Linked list grows/shrinks as and when new elements are inserted/deleted.


what is queue?
    In computer science, a queue is a collection of entities that are maintained in a sequence and can be modified
    by the addition of entities at one end of the sequence and the removal of entities from the other end of the
    sequence.

what is stack?
    Stack is a linear data structure which follows a particular order in which the operations are performed.
    The order may be LIFO(Last In First Out) or FILO(First In Last Out).

what is FIFO and LIFO?
    FIFO and LIFO are methods used in the cost of goods sold calculation. FIFO (“First-In, First-Out”) assumes that
    the oldest products in a company’s inventory have been sold first and goes by those production costs.
    The LIFO (“Last-In, First-Out”) method assumes that the most recent products in a company’s inventory have been
    sold first and uses those costs instead.


what is the order of complexity?
    Generally, an algorithm has an asymptotic computational complexity. Assuming the input is of size N, we can say
    that the algorithm will finish at O(N), O(N^2), O(N^3), O(N*log(N)) etc. This means that it is a certain
    mathematical expression of the size of the input, and the algorithm finishes between two factors of it.

what is the best case to search an element from an array?
    The best case is when the element is at the beginning or end of the array.

what is the worst case to search an element from an array?
    The worst case is when the element is in the middle or not present in the array.

what is tree in data structure?
    Tree represents the nodes connected by edges.Binary Tree is a special datastructure used for data storage
    purposes. A binary tree has a special condition that each node can have a maximum of two children. A binary
    tree has the benefits of both an ordered array and a linked list as search is as quick as in a sorted array
    and insertion or deletion operation are as fast as in linked list.

what is graph in data structure?
    A Graph is a non-linear data structure consisting of nodes and edges. The nodes are sometimes also referred to
    as vertices and the edges are lines or arcs that connect any two nodes in the graph


what is the difference between the HashTable and HashMap?
    -HashMap is non synchronized. It is not-thread safe and can’t be shared between many threads without proper
    synchronization code whereas Hashtable is synchronized. It is thread-safe and can be shared with many threads.
    -HashMap allows one null key and multiple null values whereas Hashtable doesn’t allow any null key or value.
    -HashMap is generally preferred over HashTable if thread synchronization is not needed

What are the major data structures used in the following areas : RDBMS, Network data model and Hierarchical data model.
    * RDBMS = Array (i.e. Array of structures)
    * Network data model = Graph
    * Hierarchical data model = Trees

How HashMap works in java?
    HashMap in Java works on hashing principles. It is a data structure which allows us to store object and retrieve
    it in constant time O(1) provided we know the key. In hashing, hash functions are used to link key and value in
    HashMap. Objects are stored by calling put(key, value) method of HashMap and retrieved by calling get(key)
    method. When we call put method, the hashcode() method of the key object is called so that the hash function of
    the map can find a bucket location to store value object, which is actually an index of the internal array,
    known as the table.
    HashMap internally stores mapping in the form of Map.Entry object which contains both key and value object.


What is ArrayIndexOutOfBoundsException in java? When it occurs?
    The ArrayIndexOutOfBounds exception is thrown if a program tries to access an array index that is negative,
    greater than, or equal to the length of the array.

What are the different ways of copying an array into another array?
    1. Manually
    2. Arrays.copyOf()
    3. System.arraycopy()
    4. Object.clone()

What is difference between an array and a linked list?
    An array is a collection of elements of a similar data type.
    Linked List is an ordered collection of elements of the same type in which each element is connected to the
    next using pointers.
    Array elements can be accessed randomly using the array index.	Random accessing is not possible in linked lists.
    The elements will have to be accessed sequentially.
    Data elements are stored in contiguous locations in memory.	New elements can be stored anywhere and a reference
    is created for the new element using pointers.
    Size of the array must be specified at the time of array declaration/initialization.
    Size of a Linked list grows/shrinks as and when new elements are inserted/deleted.


What is DFS and BFS?
    BFS, stands for Breadth First Search.
    DFS, stands for Depth First Search.

What is Recursion?
    The process in which a function calls itself directly or indirectly is called recursion and the corresponding
    function is called as recursive function. Using recursive algorithm, certain problems can be solved quite easily


What are linear and non linear data Structures?
    Linear Data Structure:
    Data structure where data elements are arranged sequentially or linearly where the elements are attached to its
    previous and next adjacent in what is called a linear data structure. In linear data structure, single level
    is involved. Therefore, we can traverse all the elements in single run only. Linear data structures are easy
    to implement because computer memory is arranged in a linear way. Its examples are array, stack, queue, linked
    list, etc.

    Non-linear Data Structure:
    Data structures where data elements are not arranged sequentially or linearly are called non-linear data
    structures. In a non-linear data structure, single level is not involved. Therefore, we can’t traverse all the
    elements in single run only. Non-linear data structures are not easy to implement in comparison to linear data
    structure. It utilizes computer memory efficiently in comparison to a linear data structure. Its examples are
    trees and graphs.

What is Big-(O)-notation?
    Big O notation is a mathematical notation that describes the limiting behavior of a function when the argument
    tends towards a particular value or infinity.

Outlined different kind of sorting algorithm with time complexity?
      The different kind of sort are : Selection Sort, Bubble sort, merge sort, insertion sort,
        heap sort, quick sort, bucket sort, radix sort, shell sort.

Draw a table with time complexity in which it will summarize all the data structure feature's advantages and
disadvantages.
  a)In terms of Accessing element.
  b)In terms of Inserting element.
  c)In terms of Searching element.
  d)In terms of Removing element.